the quest to find love feels like a
never-ending story that some never
succeed in finding i'd say it would be a
lot easier if you were a beautiful witch
though but that can also have its
drawbacks speaking of that's exactly
what elaine finds out in the 2016 film
the love witch obviously spoiler alert
while i may give you my opinion on the
film here that's no substitute for
experiencing it yourself links to the
movie are in the description as well we
open up on a road trip through the
countryside with elaine giving us some
explanation as to why we're where we're
at well none of that was in the
explanation she just gave us sure enough
she's to blame for it and it looks like
she's in a risque religious cult this
movie is already starting off with a
bang as elaine drives through town she
talks about how frail a man's ego can be
she mentions that you have to be very
tricky when it comes to dealing with it
so far it just looks like she disposes
of them when she's through with them
even though it looks like a murder house
i really want it maybe that's why i
really want it look at it it's here that
we meet trish who pulls up in a newer
model bmw what time period is this
supposed to be we're following elaine
who dresses like a go-go dancer who just
met up with a small town realtor from
2010 while being in a movie with the
aesthetic of the 50s this woman just
told elaine she didn't mean anything by
a comment made earlier mentioning that
she is married and that she didn't mean
it that way yet once she finds out that
elaine was a dancer of some kind her
first reaction is to scan elaine up and
down with her eyes and make this face
okay
once trish shows elaine in the room
elaine is ecstatic about the setup with
the whole living area decorated in
wiccan supplies and themes it feels like
home to elaine what time period are we
in we've got medieval style architecture
with the brooding pitties from my fair
lady and then we've got elaine elaine
opens up to trish about her loss of her
husband how she joined a group that
explained the ins and outs of men and
how to keep them happy and then she
mentions that she's a witch now thanks
to them trish is a little taken aback
later on that night elaine is in her
apartment preparing a concoction of some
sort with ingredients being thrown into
a small cauldron she reads the
ingredient list from an old apothecary
book as she turns the page we see that
she is preparing for a love spell this
can only go well for her obviously
that's how these movies go right the
next day elaine goes to meet wendy who
runs a wicked apothecary as when he
observes elaine's goods they begin to
strike a deal for selling elaine's
products there's definitely some tension
there
i'm not married
i'll make you a nice dinner yes
yes okay sure is it really that easy i
feel like if it were there would be so
many more wiccans as they make small
talk elaine hits on the fact that wayne
is a nature guy and somehow that's
enough for the two of them to hit it off
as the conversation continues elaine
prods and finds out he's single and she
prompts him to take her up to his cabin
outside of the city
you want some
oh
that is that is strong
first of all when someone offers you
something and the best response to what
it is is something i made you do not
drink that that's how people end up on
unsolved mysteries as wayne attempts
multiple advances elaine continues to
put him back in his place while she
proceeds to make dinner for the two of
them now that wayne has had time to cool
down they take this time to find out
more about each other during their
conversation wayne finds out that elaine
had slipped a good amount of
hallucinogenic herbs into the concoction
in the flask he seems to take this quite
well i don't think he cares about too
much right now considering he's tripping
like crazy right now as wayne enjoys the
show elaine calls him over to get
started as he takes her to the bed the
drink's full effect starts to kick in
let me just say that the next couple
minutes are
interesting to say the least after their
finish wayne rolls over and begins to
weep as elaine tries to comfort him
things get a little weirder i mean poor
dude but he just met her this is not the
time for this love potion or not after
elaine reassures wayne she makes her way
to the living room couch to smoke while
wayne cries for her the next morning
elaine makes breakfast for wayne
overnight wayne looks like he's become
patient zero for the zombie apocalypse
after wayne wines and christ some more
elaine goes downstairs to her tarot
cards that warn her of wayne well
there's not much to worry about now so
what does elaine do she takes a very
freeing stroll through local nature
collects liquid gold and creates a
celebration of womanhood i don't know
what's happening anymore so the next
logical thing to do is to get rid of the
body which of course she's no stranger
to the next morning she leaves wayne's
house should have left the night before
it's a crime scene for crying out loud
once elaine makes her way back to her
apartment she picks up right where she
left off with her hobbies in the
apartment when trish comes over to visit
she tells elaine that she'll be leaving
town for a furniture convention and her
husband richard will be home alone why
would trish tell elaine that her husband
will be home alone that night elaine
meets barbara at a burlesque club wait
this dude just walks out in the open
then pops a squat at their table if this
movie was anything like any other movie
of the genre i'd definitely say he was
next but this is a weird one so that's
probably just their local mascot after a
nice little sermon on the power of the
body and lust elaine goes back home as
she reminisces about her previous
relationships all of which i'm assuming
she killed at this point she also
remembers being let down by the original
voice we have a flashback of her
ceremony where she is welcomed into the
society on the other side of town the
police go and investigate the house
where they find dna evidence elaine's
jar of a woman's celebration and wayne's
gravesite i think that's enough for sure
now we have elaine who is entertaining
trish's husband richard elaine pokes and
prods richard with questions and
compliments because that was all the
invitation he needed to start taking
some clothes off great timing if i say
so myself the next thing we know richard
is saying that flying turns him on the
most like flying a plane such an
innocent guy well you don't have to tell
him twice of course this is enough
persuasion for richard to watch elaine
dance for him while giggling the whole
time this dude has no idea what's coming
at this point it's just a great excuse
to throw in a 2-minute burlesque scene
ew dude could they make the guys in this
movie any more crappy at the police
force a toxicology report shows that
wayne had a huge amount of devil's weed
in his system so the sergeant goes to a
local witch doctor to get some answers
after the doctor sniffs the mason jar
they found he mentions that this is very
common for witches now if we just knew
what time period this was taking place
why couldn't they just run a dna test
this witch is dropping dna left and
right at the crime scene it was so easy
to get away before dna testing and
cameras everywhere after a witch's
sermon in what looks like someone's
backyard the witches and satanists
decide to throw a potluck and what could
almost be considered affair while
barbara and elaine talk about elaine's
recent split in her love life yet again
he's a pisces elaine can only describe
the reason for why they didn't work this
same way most people do now typical
pisces the next day the sergeant goes to
the owner of the apothecary to ask some
questions about the witch's bottle she
immediately knows what it is but not who
it's from she proceeds to show him some
bottles from her shelves and when he
asks who made them she tells him of
elaine i never realized that witches
were brewing concoctions and beakers
with colorful liquids like a bad bill
neither science guy episode she's
interrupted when the sergeant knocks on
her door to ask about wayne's case she's
a little reluctant at first but she lets
him in anyways he asks her if she's ever
seen a witch's bottle containing urine
when she says no he decides to pull it
out of his bag like it will jog her
memory of the bottle after he comes
across as a judgmental jerk elaine turns
it around and tries to make it seem like
he's saying being a witch is a crime
that's alright sergeant
you can call me griff you know
tomorrow is my day off and it's supposed
to be quite nice out do you like to ride
she does not waste any time does she
quickest turnaround of any character
ever after literally three seconds
elaine begins to talk about how he seems
familiar to her and she connects it to
the man the tarot cards told her about
and then we're just supposed to fade to
the next day like he didn't just drop a
giant creeper bomb in her living room
sure enough they go riding that actually
worked out in the distance they hear a
flute playing which draws their
attention of course there's a
renaissance fair in the middle of the
woods exactly where they're riding
horses it turns out that it's really
being put together by elaine's coven who
in turn invite elaine and the sergeant
to join in the festivities of course the
jester decides to throw out the idea of
a mock wedding and obviously everyone
agrees
[Music]
these lyrics are pure gold i want him to
sing at my wedding for sure
oh joyous day as they get dressed as
king and queen the band continues to
play outside until the two of them are
united on the stage after a nice little
binding ceremony a feast is served and
the couple play along with the
festivities you feel like you're
suffocating drowning in estrogen the
most awful feeling
when you really love him it's like
firework and nothing else matters
suddenly the sergeant provides a
voiceover narration to his view on being
soft and real love elaine follows suit
and it almost sounds like a word vomit
of vows the sergeant is absolutely a
piece of crap this can end well the next
day the sergeant arrives at work and
people can tell that something is off as
his partner tries to pass information to
him about elaine the sergeant tries to
tell him to lay off of the case of
course the partner follows and continues
to talk about elaine's history without
letting up who says i'm in love with her
get the hell off my back
he even shakes his hand in pain after
that awful fake punch his partner calls
him out for terrible misconduct then we
jump to trish i honestly forgot trish
and richard were characters in this film
as trish breaks into the bathroom that
richard has locked himself in she finds
a terrible discovery
this movie is losing points now elaine
and trish meet up at that victorian tea
room from the beginning as trish spills
her heart out to elaine she eventually
brings up the affair she knew richard
was having that smug smile right in
front of trish that's a whole new level
of confidence that i wish i had as trish
finishes talking about her depressing
mourning process elaine throws out there
that she's found the love of her life
and that she's gonna marry and with that
elaine decides it's time for her to
leave trish there to finish her tea on
her own but trish finds elaine's ring on
the table and decides to take it to
elaine as trish enters elaine's
apartment she begins to look around and
she discovers all of elaine's love magic
on top of that she enters elaine's
bedroom and decides to use her makeup in
her mirror anybody thinking of some
possible endings with this that eye
shadow is always on point i wonder which
one will win in the end my money is on
elaine trish continues to play the part
of elaine until she notices a picture on
elaine's altar trish finds a picture of
her dearly departed richard and she does
not take it well after she snoops
through the drawer she finds letters
dolls and a picture from her husband to
elaine now my money might be on trish
sure enough elaine tries to sneak up
behind trish with a knife but trish
overpowers her and smacks her as trish
leaves she swears that elaine will burn
for what she's done i'm sure she will
but she's gonna get you first once
elaine meets up with the sergeant he
explains that the dna came back and it
connected her to wayne thank you finally
mention of a dna test next he explains
that trish came to the office and told
her whole story to him elaine tries to
pull it off but he calls her bluff she's
got a solid point but she can't win over
the sergeant who thinks he can still
arrest her even though she hasn't
actually done anything wrong touche
that's probably the smoothest bit of
police work this whole film somehow the
sergeant gets elaine through an angry
mob into his cruiser then somehow they
end up at her apartment on her bed she
confesses her love and he stares off
into the distance then elaine gives the
sergeant a drink which he tosses to the
floor for a smart decision by a man when
she gives them a drink i don't know
what's happening now after the ghosts of
relationships pass show up as ghosts and
tell her they love her she decides to
stab the sergeant this jumps to a mental
fantasy wedding with silent instruments
and riding a unicorn off into the sunset
while this film lost me a bit towards
the last half the first half kept me
thoroughly confused and invested an
interesting take on witchcraft it almost
makes light of it while keeping true to
other parts weird but interesting i hope
you enjoyed the video and by all means
watch the film for yourself there's
something there for everyone if you did
like it leave a like on the video and
suggest what i should watch next
subscribe if you want to see more videos
like this one and i'll see you in the
next video